okay so who here likes chess cool so
there's a thing called who knows what
peer pad is you guys have seen here pad
what's the sorry for my colors let me uh
OOP here pet no that's the wrong alright
so if your pad you we saw some of that
earlier this spawned a thing called peer
star and Pierce art is a project we have
going on to make it easier to build
real-time collaborative apps like peer
pad on top of IP fuzz and so here you
know there's a whole you know library to
make this easy for you and use the CRT
keys it's pretty awesome and so I wanted
to learn how to use pure Star app to
make a simple app and there's a workshop
to do app that you know you make the
traditional to do thing raise your hand
if you've seen like that to do zap
example great I do not need to explain
what that is so this is just walks
through how to replace the standard
stuff with with peer store app so it
gives you it teaches you how to use
piercer app so I use that too I've been
wanting to play chess peer to peer so I
made so this is thing called the
workshop birthing is on the all apps let
me close that and so this is my app I
have some chess Dodge is that it's gonna
it's a library that I found that's gonna
figure out all the moves I have a
chessboard thing chefs Lord Jas which
handles all of the drawing look whoops
and so on so that's handles all the
drawing and what was left for me was
actually just this single thing 120
lines of code to make a peer-to-peer
chess app most of it is logging to to
like know what I was doing and a bunch
of it is commented out
oh I should also say I made this whole
thing when I got into this Meetup I had
this file open and I had just understood
how to use pure syrup and so I made the
whole thing while we were chatting so I
got it all like working so it's probably
not robust but we'll find out yeah so um
so if I serve here and it's gonna open
this thing and so I'm gonna open my
console and you see that it is listening
on some stuff
I'm gonna add a specific game ID let's
say London and Meetup
- hey no don't go it you probably can't
even see listen and let's go to London
meet up - over here in an incognito
window
hey what up yeah why is it like not
loading that's Python come on Python you
can do it that's weird hey go away
alright refresh refresh that was funny
alright so I think they're connected it
doesn't tell me they're connected but
let's try it out it's not in the room it
uh yeah you're right London London need
up - let's give them a moment to connect
will it blend
I'm gonna refresh no come on
yeah so this should there we go
all right great so now I can we're here
we're here
whoops that was the wrong wrong
screaming so it's not secure chest yet
so so the next step would be to actually
check which side you're on
and then by like not allow any moves
that the other side can do but yeah so
you know you can do a total totally
cleared if you're a chess app so now I'm
gonna show you how that was done
so um first of all the index.html page
looks pretty simple I include some
dependencies I don't know this was all
from other groups and my build is which
is just a browser if I'd op jeaious and
the entry point is on dumb ready and
just creates this pure chess app we go
up here though the magic is here I
create a game this is the logic of the
game this is the board so this is the
this is gonna listen do all the
listening and drawing and then I set up
your app so this is the the actual
peer-to-peer magic I create an app and I
give an app name so that's where the
location that's what the name name of
the room that's where this is causing
you know different sets of peers to do
work in and then I set up a handler for
every time the state changes and in that
handler I do a bunch of logging and
here's where I just figure out what's in
that array this is super janky you you
probably would want to do something
something smart of here but this works I
check whatever's in this array that it's
growing oh this this safety here was
there because for some reason while I
was testing something wasn't growing
right and so it was infinite looping so
yeah yeah and then make move causes you
know registers that move in the game if
that was a valid
move this is kind of how that API works
it'll return the movie if it was valid
and then in that case you update the
board and you send it to your peers and
the other side would receive it
call the unstaged thing which that
that's where you came from
oh yeah and make movies also called from
when you drop it so if you drop the this
handler is called when the piece is
dropped in the board and it calls my
move and yeah wait did you move on to
neutral yeah this is like not security
at all yeah and and it's safe state
check it out when i refresh yeah like
that so hey stop it so maybe in the
future I will I will make this into a
secure chess app yeah all the credit
goes to petrol and the JSI BFS team who
have made all of this happen so awesome
[Applause]